Subtitles by DramaFever
Go Hye Ran, you're not the only anchor.
There are many skilled people.
Nothing lasts forever.
Don't be greedy at your age.
News Nine exclusive interview
with Kevin Lee.
Will that do?
How could you lie like that?
Kevin Lee?
Kevin Lee is on his way to Korea.
- Hye Ran.
- I have go get a guest for my show.
My mom won't live
just because I'm there.
How low will you go?
How low are you going to go?
I love you, Hye Ran.
Hello, I'm Eun Joo's husband, Kevin.
She's definitely 10 times
prettier in real life.
Do you suppose I could get
a copy of this recording?
Try it if you want to get fired.
Ah...
Go Hye Ran?
When did you find out they were married?
I found out while doing my story.
Seo Eun Joo was your high school
classmate and you didn't know?
I never saw her after
we graduated from high school.
What about Kevin Lee?
Since you are a precise person with
a good memory, I'll ask you again.
Did you ever meet with Kevin Lee...
before that time?
I love you, Hye Ran.
Let's talk.
I'm done talking.
Let me ask you one thing.
Because I'm a guy without
much to offer and no prospects
is that why you're doing this?
Yes.
Lee Jae Young.
I've thrown you away.
You should throw me away too.
Just call me an awful woman
and tell me to live my life.
That's what I'm going to do.
Once you throw me away...
how well do you think you can live?
Better than being with you.
All right. Leave.
But, I'll be watching over you.
I'll see just how well you live.
I'll watch over you
to see how far you get.
So...
you'd better live well.
All right.
I will.
[One month before the accident]
Lee Jae Young?
Jae Young.
Honey.
Is this someone you know?
No, I ran into her and she fell.
Oh my.
It's you, right?
Hye Ran. Go Hye Ran!
Senior, why aren't you picking up?
Have you arrived?
Where are you right now?
Seo Eun Joo?
Yes! It's me.
It's so great to see you!
Honey, I always mention it
when we watch the news.
The really famous anchor
in Korea is my friend.
How is it possible to meet like this?
You look prettier in real life.
I've heard a lot about you.
I'm Eun Joo's husband, Kevin Lee.
Oh, you'd be more comfortable
with my Korean name.
My name is Lee Jae Young.
Kev... Kevin Lee?
Do you like golf, by any chance?
He's the Kevin Lee
who just won the PGA.
My husband.
He was on the news too.
He just recently...
[Episode 2: Provoke]
How did this happen?
It's amazing really.
We hung out together often.
She was a really good friend.
How could we meet in a place like this?
What does your husband do?
Hye Ran?
- Huh?
- I asked what your husband does.
Oh.
He was a prosecutor
and now he's a lawyer.
A lawyer.
My in-law's family was in
the supreme court for generations.
Oh, you smart girl.
I knew you would marry well like that.
But, isn't it hard being
married into a family like that?
Your in-laws don't harass you
or anything like that?
No, they don't.
They're very dignified people.
They care about me a lot.
How nice for you.
Oh yeah. When can I meet your husband?
The four of us should meet
as couples and have dinner.
Huh?
Sure.
Why not.
Please accept my condolences
for your loss.
Thank you for coming.
That scary girl.
- She's not even crying?
- What?
She seems fine
even though her mom died.
I know. She scares me a bit.
She sure made herself pale and pretty.
What color is that makeup?
She probably took care to match
the funeral concept.
There are people watching.
Maybe she went to a salon
for her hair and makeup.
I doubt that, Yeon Jung.
You never know.
Did you eat carbohydrates?
Why are you so bloated?
Crazy girl. Crazy girl.
Hye Ran.
You just live a pretty
life like a flower.
Hello to all our viewers.
I am filling in for Go Hye Ran today.
I am Han Ji Won on News Nine.
There is a political scandal brewing.
The internet is exploding with comments.
Real time ratings are very high too.
It is also affecting chances for
the minority party's leader next month.
Reporter Kim Sung Ki with the story.
Excuse me.
I think you need to come.
Honey.
Hye Ran.
I'm hungry.
Moody's has changed
our credit rating from AA3 to...
Camera one, standby.
Camera one, cut.
10, in.
She has a lot of energy, doesn't she?
She isn't shaken even though
she's the replacement.
- She's doing well.
- Right?
She's got a lot of talent.
It's not a bad idea to warm up like this.
Camera two, go in
for a tight shot of Han Ji Won.
Cut and cue.
The government was said
to have an effect.
What? Were you scared to get fired?
Hye Ran, you have to succeed.
You must, okay?
The really famous anchor
in Korea is my friend.
It's better to just cry.
She was your mom.
The only mom you have.
You don't need to care
what people think or hold it in.
That's how you should send her off.
Your shirt is very wrinkled.
Go and get changed.
They're mourning clothes,
so wear a size medium.
Hye Ran.
Your tie is black,
so your handkerchief should be gray.
- Go Hye Ran.
- Why should I cry?
What would change if I cried?
Director Jang will bring the team.
I'll officially introduce you then.
I'll mention that your family has been
in the supreme court for generations.
I'm going to say you're a public defender
who stands up for the weak.
Oh, don't forget to mention that
you're a former prosecutor.
They may mistakenly think you're
a public defender due to lack of skill.
Make sure you have a clean shave.
Okay.
This is more like you, Go Hye Ran.
Go Hye Ran is Go Hye Ran
until the very end.
I forgot that for a moment.
This is my number. Contact me.
He's the Kevin Lee
who just won the PGA.
My husband.
[Eun Joo]
[Lee Young Shil]
Thank you for coming.
Why didn't you tell me?
I thought you seemed
out of it at the airport.
I didn't know how to tell you.
I was so shocked too.
Even so...
What can't you tell me?
I'm your friend.
We're not just normal friends.
I know what your life was like.
- Eun Joo.
- Yes?
I...
need to ask you for a favor.
What is it?
Your husband...
can I interview him?
[JBC News Nine Real Time Ratings]
Look at this.
Isn't Han Ji Won amazing?
It exceeds my expectations.
Don't get too arrogant.
Yes.
Just look at this graph.
Oh my gosh. You scared me.
Gosh, why don't you
make your presence known?
I'm here to give you
a report on News Nine.
We're having a News Nine
meeting, Go Hye Ran.
People who betray those
who were in mourning can get lost.
- What did you just say?
- Team Leader Woong.
Is your mother's funeral over?
Why didn't you take a few more days off?
You have a lot of vacation days left.
I'm sure I told you
I would show you my skills first.
Then I would leave on my own.
This industry isn't a place where I
can wait that long for someone.
I can't hold on that long.
You know that very well.
You won't have to wait long.
I brought the PGA Tour champion here.
Oh my.
Kevin Lee.
It's nice to meet such
an accomplished individual in person.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm Kevin Lee.
- Nice to meet you.
- Thank you for having me.
No, I'm thankful.
This is my wife.
- Nice to meet you.
- Team Leader Woong.
- Yes?
Today's News Nine is
a Kevin Lee special, okay?
Anchor will be changed from
Han Ji Won to Go Hye Ran.
Director, but what about Ji Won...
My heart is racing.
One moment, please.
It's the president.
Just one moment, please.
Yes, President.
That's right. It's Kevin Lee.
We'll be doing an interview
with him on News Nine tonight.
Yes, Go Hye Ran did it again.
Yes.
Are you going to be this way?
I asked you to share
information on Kevin Lee.
You only help Hye Ran
and your colleague is nothing?
- That's not it.
- Are you taking her side?
Or is she hitting on you too?
She wants you on her side?
Don't be ridiculous.
- Hye Ran is not like that.
- Then what?
Yes, I told her that he
was back in Korea.
But, I lost him at the airport.
Is that right?
You lost him, yet he's here right now?
- How?
- I don't know that.
You really don't know?
Eun Joo, I brought the questions...
Did Eun Joo go somewhere?
To the car to get something for me.
Can you close that?
Ah, yes.
I brought the questions I'll be asking.
These are the general questions
I'll be asking.
You'll know once you see,
but none of them are too difficult.
You can speak naturally,
like you're having a conversation.
You can look at me while you speak.
Like this?
Is this good enough?
Please check the questions.
Don't create a broadcast issue
with an irrelevant answer.
Broadcasting is not a joke,
Lee Jae Young.
I'm not here to joke around.
Oh, you're here.
Where were you?
It's not like I'm going on TV,
but I must be nervous.
I left the tie in the car.
I brought the questions.
It helps to read them in advance.
Oh, I see.
I appreciate the explanation, Go Hye Ran.
Yes, I'll see you later.
All right.
How could you be in
this state in front of my friend?
You are so silly.
What's the big deal?
Do you have the questions?
Did you read over them?
If you don't want to answer
any of them, tell Hye Ran.
Hye Ran will skip over them.
All right?
- Are you that happy?
- Yes.
Every single day seems like a dream.
Every single day,
I'm so happy.
I'll make sure you live that way
every single day from now on.
I love you.
Yeah.
[Kevin Lee]
Where do you think you're touching?
Not here again.
Don't do that.
Seriously.
Just a bit.
Son of a bitch.
Oh, that tickles!
Why did you suddenly want to meet?
It's been a while since I've seen you.
You don't look well at all.
Is she even making you breakfast?
We're both busy.
It's better to make our own.
Has the world become strange?
Or are you two just odd?
How is Father?
He wasn't well for a few days,
but he's better today.
He's waiting for a grandchild,
but there's no news from you two.
I'm worried he'll leave us
without ever seeing one.
Hey.
Isn't it time for Hye Ran to stop now?
During your mother-in-law's funeral
the young anchor
who filled in was very good.
You promised not to bring that up.
I know.
I shouldn't have promised such a thing.
Oh, I'm so hungry.
Should we order, Mother?
Over here.
[The man who took over
the world through golf.]
[News Nine Kevin Lee Interview]
30 seconds left in the into.
Camera three, get a wide shot,
and then go to the anchor.
This is the moment we achieve
something even CNN couldn't.
By any chance, are you Kevin Lee's...
Ah, yes.
He's my husband.
I know it's late,
but congratulations on his win.
Thank you.
Good luck!
Go Hye Ran seems unusually nervous today.
She did use her last card.
She should be nervous.
What do you mean?
Oh, it's just something.
Five seconds left in the intro.
Four, three, two, one.
Camera three, standby. Cue!
News, that runs on its feet.
Fast news.
Go Hye Ran's News Nine.
As promised
we have Korea's Kevin Lee,
who has made golf history.
He is in the studio with us today.
- It's nice to meet you.
It was the US Open last June
and this time the PGA Tour.
You have won once again.
It's a little late,
but tell us how you feel.
Did you enjoy seeing it?
That's who I am.
Pardon me?
Let me ask you one thing.
Because I'm a guy without
much to offer and no prospects
is that why you're doing this?
Yes.
What do you think?
Am I still a guy with no prospects?
What are you referring to?
That's what I want to say to those
who looked down on me all this time.
It seems you suffered a lot.
People looked down on me
and turned their backs on me.
I was told I was a person
with no prospects.
That's how it was.
To those people
you have shown who you
really are with these victories.
It seemed they were shocked to see me.
More than I imagined.
Others have difficulty winning
even once in their life.
You now have won twice.
I'm curious about
your next goal, Kevin Lee.
You, Go Hye Ran.
I want to become the best
at what I do, just like you.
That is my final goal and
I know it will happen.
No one in Korea believed in my talent.
I think people view things differently.
They cared about what I had
and my outer appearance.
People only judged me
by those kinds of things.
I think I was hurt a lot
because of those things.
The best thing about being in the US
was that people believed
in my dreams and talent.
Suddenly, I developed a stubbornness.
I wanted to show the people in Korea...
that I could do it.
It was a very genuine
feeling in my heart.
I was very certain about that.
I was very disappointed though.
There were some people in Korea
I cared about deeply.
They just couldn't see it.
In the end, I played golf like crazy.
I was recognized for it and here I am.
We're going to tie things up now.
I'll ask you a final question.
At an age when other pro golfers
hit their peak and are retiring
you started golfing.
That's right.
That's why I needed to work
much harder than anyone else.
There are also my wife's
hidden sacrifices, as well.
I have never played a game
purely for myself.
It took me a long time to get to my peak.
I plan to stay on top for a long time.
For the sake of my wife,
who suffered for me.
The only dream I have now...
is to make my wife happy.
He's a very cool man.
As an athlete...
and as a man.
Yes.
That was a very wise answer.
Thank you.
I hope you continue to succeed.
That was Kevin Lee.
The reaction on
the internet is explosive.
He's number one in the search rankings.
I suppose it's all due to your
great visuals and sense of humor.
Besides all of that...
I think your honesty was
what people really liked.
This is all thanks to Anchor Go Hye Ran
for setting up the interview.
Thanks, Hye Ran.
Now that you brought that up,
can I propose an offer?
Yes.
We're planning a new human
documentary program right now.
I would like to have you,
Kevin Lee, as our first guest.
- My husband?
- Yes.
Not the golfer Kevin Lee,
but Kevin Lee, the man.
It was really touching when you
were talking about your wife.
Oh, yes.
So, I'd like to continue on
and tell your story.
What do you think about that?
I don't know.
I haven't done much
besides being an athlete.
Then what if...
Go Hye Ran takes it on herself?
Then would you consider it?
Really?
Would you?
If so, then I'll consider it favorably.
Favorably. Favorably?
- Thank you.
Go Hye Ran, you heard that?
You did, right?
You heard what Kevin Lee said?
Thank you.
I showed you what
I can do with Kevin Lee.
Why are you suddenly
going back on your word?
I showed you what
I can do with Kevin Lee.
Why are you suddenly
going back on your word?
The national ratings were 19 percent.
If the news got 19 percent,
that's like 50 percent.
If we do the human project,
we're a monopoly.
We should lose that chance just
because you don't like it?
Also, Kevin Lee says it has to be you.
- Director.
- It's news, so you'd be the PD.
Follow them and be Go Hye Ran.
Live up to your name.
Leave News Nine to Han Ji Won.
She may not be as good as you,
but Han Ji Won is ambitious.
She'll do well.
Does Han Ji Won have something on you?
Why are you dying to put
Han Ji Won in that seat?
It was me who put you in that seat too.
Did I give you News Nine because
you had something on me?
I have an eye for things, and a feeling.
You know that very well.
This is it for you, Go Hye Ran.
Come down quietly while you can.
[DramaFever Ver] jTBC E02 Misty "Provoke"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
How could I be cheating?
The person who pays me is working
all night, so how can I go home?
[Hye Ran]
How would I know?
Maybe he wants to become
the dark horse of public defenders.
He's memorizing all the laws.
- Manager Jung.
- Huh?
- Yes?
- About Kam's case...
Can you find the medical files for me?
Okay.
Yes, where did they go?
I'm always up all night,
so I can't find anything.
The caller cannot take your call...
What do you think you're doing?
This is your home!
- Do you know the time...
- Go Hye Ran?
This is Kevin.
What can I do for you at this hour?
About the human documentary
that Director Jang brought up...
can I really do it?
You don't have to
if you really don't want to.
Today's interview was more than enough.
Why?
I think it sounds fun.
He says he wants to do it
if it's with you, Hye Ran.
Give it to me.
He usually gets nervous around cameras.
I guess he felt comfortable
with you, Hye Ran.
Stop that, Honey.
What are you doing?
Oh, stop!
So sorry, Hye Ran.
My husband keeps playing around.
You'll be working on
that documentary with us, right?
Let's work together, Hye Ran.
Hang up and come here.
I'll call you later, Hye Ran.
Seriously.
[World Star Kevin Lee
Starting Over in Korea]
[Kevin Lee Welcomed Home]
[Stay healthy with Real Food]
Have you heard?
Kevin Lee is the new model for S Company.
It's better for us if he's hot.
Isn't that right, Go Hye Ran?
All the sports product companies
have made offers to him.
Cell phone and refrigerator
commercials too.
I heard he has about 20.
Wow, all together...
that's about 10 billion won.
Wow. That must be nice.
I envy him.
How did that woman get so lucky?
I'm talking about Kevin Lee's wife.
I heard she was
your high school classmate.
Who said that?
Seo Eun Joo told me.
She said you two were
best friends during high school.
She said she wasn't smart like you,
so she couldn't go to college.
She was working in her mom's restaurant.
She met an amateur golfer
who had just gotten dumped.
She spent years cleaning buildings
and supporting him.
Then her life changed, just like that.
Now, she's the woman
that women in Korea envy the most.
Women in Korea envy her the most?
You didn't know?
It's all over the internet
and everywhere.
Any site where married women congregate,
all they talk about is Kevin Lee.
He's talented and hot.
He has lots of money.
He's good looking.
He even has a sense of humor.
He's sexy too.
You and I both graduated
from good colleges.
What good is it to pass the interview
and get chosen out of thousands?
We suffer so much and we're just anchors.
Do that for a few years
and then get pushed out...
Hey.
Han Ji Won.
I wasn't saying that for you to hear.
How long do you think I can hold
onto the News Nine seat?
Don't you agree?
Senior.
Everything's ready. Let's go.
Yeah, let's go.
Oh, that's right.
You're shooting Kevin Lee today.
It'll be hard.
You haven't been out on location
in a while, so it'll be difficult.
When you see Seo Eun Joo...
tell her I said hello.
We'll get started.
Oh, that was awkward.
I shouldn't have agreed to do it.
Why? You're doing well.
Really?
You're pretty.
Those two are just dripping with honey.
It doesn't seem like an act?
Let's start again.
One, two.
One, two. Very good.
Did you enjoy seeing it?
That's who I am.
I love you, Hye Ran.
One, two. That's great.
Awesome.
Very good. That was great.
That's enough for you Mrs. Lee.
Let's get shots of you alone, Kevin.
Thank you. Thank you.
I shouldn't have agreed to do that.
What if I look strange?
It's a print ad. It'll look nice.
Technology is amazing. They will
touch it up and it will look great.
When should we have our double date?
- When do you have time?
- Oh, that...
It's not good for me right now.
I have to tie things up at News Nine.
What? You're not doing News Nine?
I had a long run.
It's good to let
a talented junior take over.
Still, I only watched
News Nine because of you.
Thanks.
Don't be that way. Make some time.
We finally left the hotel
and got a house.
It can be a housewarming
and a party to console you.
Let's have dinner together, huh?
Let's do that.
No, thank you.
- No need to make things complicated.
- Do I make you uncomfortable?
Oh my. Does he?
Does my husband make you uncomfortable?
No.
Why would I be uncomfortable?
I'm not uncomfortable at all.
Then come over for dinner.
My Eun Joo really wants you to.
All right, then.
Let's do that, Eun Joo.
Let's find a day that we can do that.
That's great. I'm so curious
about your husband.
I'd like to meet him soon too.
I'm also curious about him.
Don't skip your meals, okay?
Thank you.
Your time is up. You need to go.
All right.
You'll be okay.
- Here you go.
- Yes.
You're coming next week, right?
Yes.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, is it today?
Yes.
Also, you should just get
the newcomers to bring these.
I'm doing it because I enjoy it.
[JBC Go Hye Ran's Prosecutor Husband]
[Reporter Go Hye Ran Marries
Young Prosecutor, Kang Tae Wook]
Okay. Good.
Okay.
Good.
Work hard.
Yes.
What do you think you're doing?
Why?
Is something wrong?
Hey, you.
When are you going
to connect me to him?
Hey, Reporter Yoon.
When did you get here?
They know I'm friendly with you,
so my bosses keep coming after me.
What am I supposed to do?
Hook me up this one time.
Let me use my Go Hye Ran
connection this time.
What is so great about Kevin Lee?
I know.
What's so great about him?
There's a line of people waiting
to have a meal with him.
Apparently, there are many
famous women among them too.
What will change if they
have a meal with him?
He's taken anyway.
Does anyone care about that lately?
Many women find that thrilling.
Why didn't you pick up your phone?
- Hello.
- Yes, it's been a while.
Get going right now.
Kevin Lee is here.
He wants to see what you've shot so far.
Hurry.
I can go too, right?
Oh my. You're alone.
I thought the director would be with you.
He went to go get Go Hye Ran.
I see.
By any chance...
aren't you the anchor who
temporarily took over News Nine?
It's an honor for me that you remember.
My name is Han Ji Won.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Kevin Lee.
Does someone in your
high position run beverage errands?
No.
Only for special people.
I was getting him a drink. Bye now.
What was that?
She doesn't even get her own coffee.
What are you doing?
Take him to the editing room.
Kevin.
Choi Byung Man must
have bribed the doctors.
They had no conscience at all.
How can a nosebleed need
to be admitted for six weeks?
They insist that's what he needs.
If he had broken his nose,
they'd have declared him dead.
I'm afraid that Kam
will have to buy a plane ticket.
He will have to go back to his home.
That's just my opinion.
We'd better eat a lot
to get strong and fight hard.
What will you have?
The most expensive thing.
This one. It's new.
Ham and mozzarella. Two of them.
I'll help the next customer first.
- Next person.
- Hello.
- I'll have...
- I found it!
Oh, I'm sorry. Sorry.
Would you like to go first?
No, go ahead. It's okay.
Thank you.
Oh, I found it.
That's Kevin Lee's wife.
That famous golfer, Kevin Lee.
That's his wife.
Next customer.
Two mozzarella sandwiches
and a butter croissant.
Hye Ran, it's me.
What do I do?
I just don't think I can pick him up.
No, it's just that the furniture
is being delivered late.
After work, can you
drive my husband home?
Here are your sandwiches
and drinks. Please enjoy.
Really? Thank you, Hye Ran.
Thank you so much. Yeah.
I really had nothing in the past.
You haven't done many interviews,
but you're very good at them.
It's me, Reporter Kwak.
I'm really not feeling very well today.
After the news today...
I think I need to go home early today.
Once you're done monitoring
can you drive Kevin Lee home today?
Yeah.
His wife is very busy
with the interior of their new house.
Yes, do me this favor.
Please put the sofa inside.
You must be tired.
Have some coffee.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Thank you for your work.
- Thank you.
- Yes.
Sandwich.
Ji Won did?
She said she was headed that way anyway.
She said she would
take him on her way there.
Did she?
That worked out well.
Thanks for doing the editing.
Okay.
Good work.
He's running very late.
[Eun Joo]
What's going on?
Why are you home at this hour?
Hye Ran, it's me.
After work, can you
drive my husband home?
There were some people in Korea
I cared about deeply.
They just couldn't see it.
You have a scandal right as you start?
Don't you know image is your life
as the 9 p.m. anchor?
Hey. What happened here?
Where did these come from?
Shut your mouth!
If I have these in my hands,
that means everyone has them.
Where is Go Hye Ran?
- She took a sick day today.
- What?
She said she wasn't feeling well
and wanted some rest.
Bring her here now!
No, you escort her here.
Right this instant!
You owe me a debt now.
It's time to get a new car, right?
[Myungsung Symphony Orchestra]
You need to be mobile in order
to stay on the right track.
I'll keep that in mind,
Anchor Go Hye Ran.
Scary wench.
You're saying it's better
for me to stay on your side.
[Go Hye Ran's News Nine]
You are more inferior than I thought.
I'm disappointed in you.
What did I do?
If you're going
to play dirty like that...
I won't stay put either.
If you won't, then what?
Kevin Lee.
What's his relationship to you?
Guest and host, was that it?
There's something more besides
just a friend's husband, right?
- Right?
- Not simply guest and host.
Not your friend's husband.
I'm asking you if you had ever met
him at another time for another reason.
Why can't you answer?
Is there a problem?
Is it a problem to answer?
No.
Why would it be?
There's nothing like that.
What do you mean by that?
Simply put...
he was a guest and I was the host.
He was also my friend's husband.
That was all there was to it.
Is that right?
Yes.
That is right.
You expect me to believe that?
It would be best for you to believe it.
It will cause problems
for you if you don't.
You don't want to see those pictures
on the internet, do you?
Then you'd be finished in this field.
So, it was your doing.
Wasn't it?
So, why?
Why did you do such a thing?
You should've been careful.
You shouldn't go after another person's
husband so carelessly, Ji Won.
Can I get going now?
It's almost time for me to go.
Five minutes.
Give me exactly five minutes.
I have one more picture.
What picture is that?
Have you seen this before?
It looks like a women's brooch to me.
Have you seen it before?
Why is this...
It was found inside the car
at the scene of the accident.
Inside the car that was in an accident?
It looks like the same brooch you were
wearing on the day of the accident.
Is that correct?
It appears to be your brooch, Go Hye Ran.
Why was that brooch in the car?
Can you explain that?
Go Hye Ran?
I have to answer with, no comment.
Are you not answering because
you can't remember or...
are you refusing to answer
even though you know?
I will not...
answer the question.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Misty]
Did I push Kevin Lee into
Han Ji Won's car, Team Leader Woong?
My name is Kang Tae Wook.
Go Hye Ran is my wife.
We just didn't register it,
but you and I were a married couple.
Do you think Lawyer Kang Tae Wook
would understand that?
She says she'll divorce you.
Cut ties with her cleanly.
A good reputation and a happy family.
I'm a candidate for
press secretary for the Blue House.
I need you.
You started it again.
Honestly, you want it too.
Why are you going to Thailand?
I have to go to shoot something.
Is that really it?